In years to come, when we reflect on the great ODI finishes, this game may barely warrant a mention.

There was no World Cup on the line, after all. No breathless Super Over or final delivery run-out. The final margin of victory - 24 runs - might even convince those leafing through the pages of Wisden in 30 years' time, it wasn't that close.

But, in its own way, this was a slow-burning classic. And the result represents one of England's greatest comebacks in the format. For make no mistake, they were dead and buried in this match. At 144 for 2, Australia had two set batsmen at the crease - they had already put on 107 - and required just 88 more to win. With 19.2 overs remaining, victory looked to be a formality.

ALSO READ: England's bowling plan was 'attack, attack, attack' - Chris Woakes

As it was, Australia lost 8 for 63. Over the course of 108 balls, England's bowlers preyed on an ever-more testing surface and an ever-more nervous opposition. The result sets up a delicious finale to this remarkable men's international season on Wednesday. From the position in which we found ourselves in May, we have been incredibly fortunate to witness so much compelling cricket.

There were several stars for England. Jofra Archer, bowling with terrific pace and skill, claimed the Player of the Match award for his 3 for 34; all three wickets coming from Australia's top five. He's barely a year into his international career yet already the thought occurs that he may be developing into one of the best limited-overs bowlers England has ever had.

"With the white ball he hasn't had a bad day out yet. It is so rare," captain Eoin Morgan said. "Playing at the highest level, you maybe have one in four or five really good days; the rest you try and contribute when you can. But he's continuing to prove he's awesome to have in our group."

The award might equally have gone to Chris Woakes, for his 3 for 32, and quite the trio of wickets they were: Aaron Finch, Marnus Labuschagne and Glenn Maxwell. With Archer he combined to deliver the spell that changed the game.

Tom Curran, too, had a strong claim. He followed his vital innings of 37 by conceding just 28 from his 10 overs. And Sam Curran, who claimed three wickets from his final five overs all delivered in one spell at the death, should also be mentioned in dispatches. "Every time they come into the team there is a level of competitiveness that is more visual than any other player," Morgan said.